what is going on guys my name is Jericho
welcome to high stakes today I've got a
nice tray full of ice cubes in fact and
this is a big week for me because I
finally get to announce that G fuel has
launched our own website finally and our
new flavor pink lemonade we're doing a
huge special for anyone in the US you
get a four stick packs for six bucks
free shipping anywhere so we're really
trying to get people to try the new
flavor it's probably my favorite of all
time but let's get down into this slums
sticks and stones every time I die Ice
Cube into my penis area so we're not
really that excited about this but
that's fine too and I'd always loved
your guys and suggestions for these
words uh because uh you know sometimes
it's hard to figure out what I'm going
to do to myself that doesn't hurt me but
it's still funny what do you do why are
you shooting the wall yeah I don't know
you're dead now I am the sharpshooter
legend I don't plan to die once this
game my nuts are gonna remain unfrozen
and generally above room temperature
which makes me really excited oh my god
no please base god oh please base god
oh no I should have changed my thing so
I should have changed my mind should
have changed my knife button this is
improper now oh god that means an ice
cube into the deck I almost forgot come
on Oh
so I'm actually wearing boxer Bri oh god
I'm at yuanbao got a word I've got it
all right go there I'm wearing boxer
briefs and I should have put a towel
underneath me which means that shit this
is come up which means it I uh
ah I definitely should have worn boxers
because now my boxer briefs are oh god
they're so cold my Gooch is freezing now
my boxer briefs are like retaining all
the frozen water and coldness right into
my crotch or region oh Jesus I have not
died a lot at all this is kind of
ridiculous
fine come on now okay guys get a little
ridiculous come on all right this is
depress best no I'm out of ammo for
everything
oh god it's
time for another ice I swear to god my
nuts are already frozen this is the
worst case scenario Oh God oh I didn't
mean to throw that oh shit I need that
that's my tomahawk hey oh it's like a
Yeti is giving me a blowjob is what's
happening right now it's like your mom's
frigid heart is gripping my nutsack
is definitely the most uncomfortable one
I've done my dick is going to be about
two to three inches shorter after I'm
done this I am on fire is anyone else
noticing this I'm just trying to
distract myself from the fact that my
nuts are gold oh why didn't he I didn't
even know I was gonna kill him there
okay it's all right it's melting sorta
so you know it's not that big of a deal
blah blah blah
where are you running bud I don't even
know if I have a tomahawk anymore please
don't kill me don't bankrupt me for the
love of God I didn't even tell you what
happens if I if I lose if I lose I've
got to keep these in here until my my
nut source of all shit I've got to put
these in here keep them in here until
God until they melt they're still they
have not melted these are very much
styled ice cubes I will tell you that
much holy shit no why which one is god
dammit I know okay no my camera's gonna
die please don't die you can't die
camera you cannot die I've gotta end
this game early I've gotta end it fast
camera you gotta live with me boy you
got a live come on come on I believe I
believe it's not gonna last two minutes
is it I doubt it will this is probably
the most depressing moment of my life
realizing I put nutsacks in danger
oh I've put my nuts in danger and I
can't even get the rewards god damn it
I'm sorry this is just the worst yeah
guys it's Alaska fucking alone up there
is it does it decide to move in with my
balls is that what's happening please
die please for the love of God help me I
keep looking because I keep I don't even
know I'm coughing I'm just like fuming
at the mouth because it's the
oldest thing my dick has ever touched in
my life why did my sound go away I don't
even know I'll play without sound I
think I just pulled my headset out which
is fine I am on a I'm on a tear wait a
minutes tied oh my god we've got a
minute left hold out camera I believe I
believe don't bankrupt me
please for love of God don't do it I'm
not names I'm not an instigator I
promise I promise to God please ah
come on hurry the fuck off this needs to
get out of my pants no human should do
this Catholic oh my god it's so cold
ah it's like white no I got bankrupt no
no no no no no no this yo I got it even
notice how how am I supposed to win now
oh fuck oh fuck no no my notes are gonna
be forever cold this is it this the end
I literally won't have nutsack after
this please bathe God get bankrupt come
on you need to come here you need to
come here quickly come here ah god damn
it oh so sorry thank you guys for
watching my name's okay uh I guess
watching my name is Jericho I don't know
how to do oh I don't know how to do this
I'm just gonna leave it in here you
gotta trust me as the coldest thing I've
ever felt my life I'm just gonna let the
camera run out
okay we're done we're done we're done
that'll be the end of it ah there's one
guy